Docs 4309 correct active directory articles (#1671)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SCALETutorials/Credentials/DirectoryServices/ConfigKerberosSCALE.md

* `http/user@EXAMPLE.COM` is the principal name written in the format `host/user.account@KERBEROS.REALM`.
  The Kerberos realm is usually in all caps, but be sure to match the Kerberos Realm case with the realm name. See [this note](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/administration/windows-commands/ktpass#BKMK_remarks) about using `/princ` for more details.
* `userpass` is the `user`'s password.
* `/crypto` is the cryptographic type.

Setting `/crypto` to **ALL** allows using all supported cryptographic types.
You can use specific keys instead of using **ALL**:

* *DES-CBC-CRC* is backward compatible.
* *DES-CBC-MD5* adheres more closely to the MIT implementation and is backward compatible.
* *RC4-HMAC-NT* uses 128-bit encryption.
* *AES256-SHA1* uses AES256-CTS-HMAC-SHA1-96 encryption.
* *AES128-SHA1* uses AES128-CTS-HMAC-SHA1-96 encryption.

#### Adding the Windows Keytab to TrueNAS

After generating the keytab, go back to **Directory Services** in TrueNAS and click **Add** in the **Kerberos Keytab** window to add it to TrueNAS.

> To make AD use the keytab, click **Settings** in the **Active Directory** window and select it using the **Kerberos Principal** drop-down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make AD use the keytab, click **Settings** in the **Active Directory** window and select it using the **Kerberos Principal** dropdown list.
```

When using a keytab with AD, ensure the keytab **username** and **userpass** match the **Domain Account Name** and **Domain Account Password**.

> To make LDAP use a keytab principal, click **Settings** in the **LDAP** window and select the keytab using the **Kerberos Principal** drop-down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make LDAP use a keytab principal, click **Settings** in the **LDAP** window and select the keytab using the **Kerberos Principal** dropdown list.
```
